all right let's clear what that was that
was obviously not a mother grieving her
son that was hind reporting to us from
alghazi refugee camp but we can go now
to Southern Gaza Let's cross over to T
abum he's there for us so let's talk a
little bit about these strikes around
hospitals like EML where are they
leaving the ability of medical
facilities yes uh bloody attacks on
kanun did not stop during this day where
the latest had claimed the lives of
around 30 Palestinians who have been
taking shelter in one of the residential
houses that is so close to alal hospital
uh belong to the Palestinian red
Christians inside Gaza now uh these
people have been living peacefully as
the Israeli forces were expanding the
military operations in the city of hunis
destroying residential buildings uh over
the civilian head where also a number of
residents have been injured being
transported to receive treatment into
anaser hospital now the situation there
is very catastrophic as our civilians
are trying to flee more after receiving
different evacuation orders from the
Israeli military to head more to the
south in Rafa to for their own uh safety
but we need to remember earlier thatas
has been designated as a safe zone now
the military attacks had reached this
area with more uh severity where
residents are facing dramatic UND
conditions um those people are
completely trapped there have a kind of
partial access to get to the South but
the fact there that the fighting and the
heavy bombardment continue where the
Israeli forces are trying to eliminate
the military infrastructure as they as
they claim for the Palestinian Fighters
and to take full control over this
largest uh one of the largest city
inside
Gaza andic as more and more people head
towards Raa take us through just how
stressed that area has become
coming yes haam of course we we saw
today horrific scenes as our colleague H
was reporting that people hundreds of
them were evacuating to uh to the South
to find a place that they might Fe they
might feel or get a sense of safety
there away from the Israeli bombing now
those people had been going through very
difficult days as the Israeli
bombardment started in a very intense
rate during the last couple of days and
we have been reporting that this kind of
Shilling and unprecedented attacks is
just only an introductory to the
military ground inclusion to this area
and this is practically what is
happening right now where the military
are starting their mil limited ground
inclusion to ALB and Alat refugee camp
throughout different areas in these uh
two areas these two regions now those
people are fleeing to the South but the
fact in on the south is really also uh
chaotic as people and and more people
are getting to this area making very
densely populated as people are taking
shelter in MA Shi makeshift tent that
are set up in public places after the
hospitals schools uh United Nation run
shelters have become uh very uh
overwhelmed and working beyond the cap
its capacity and those people are want
only to survive along with their
children and their families away from
the Israeli bombing but the question
which is triggering more growing
concerns among Palestine what if the
military operation extended to Rafa
every single house had at least dos of
evacuees which means that more difficult
scenarios might face Palestinians within
the coming days if there's going to be
much more expansion of the military
operations all right thanks so much
there